Add nginx proxy service (#246)
ONSdigital/dp-compose: v2/provisioning/nginx/README.md

# NGINX

This directory contains configuration to run an nginx server as a proxy similar to how we do it in a remote environment.

> Specifically has been setup to allow for running with HTTPS locally to debug issues related to this.

Reviewer: Very similar but I think it would be clearer to say this:
```suggestion
Specifically this has been set up to allow the debugging of issues related to running with HTTPS locally.
```

To add to your stack you will need to:

1. Run the certificate generation:

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: 👍

# From repo root
cd v2/scripts
./generate-certs.sh
```

This will generate two `pem` files in the `v2/provisioning/nginx` folder. These are not to be committed.

> 1. Add the appropriate nginx to your `deps.yml` file:

Reviewer: This number is showing as 1 because the text above it hasn't been indented. So either the text needs to be indented or the number needs to be manually set as 2
```suggestion
2. Add the appropriate nginx to your `deps.yml` file:
```

Author: resolved.

```yml
  nginx:
    extends:
      file: ${PATH_MANIFESTS}/deps/nginx.yml
      service: nginx-web
```

> 1. `make up`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `make up`
```

> 1. Access nginx on <https://localhost:8443>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Access nginx on <https://localhost:8443>
```
